hey guys so before I get started I just
want to say I'm sorry I'm recording on
my math book I'm sorry that I look like
this and I'm in like a crew cut shirt
first of all I'd no face makeup on
because and this explains everything
else um I watched him from the bus from
school which is really close to me and
stuff but it was raining so my hair got
kind of messed up because it was
straight and I came home and switched
into just like a plain t-shirt t-shirt
because my clothes is that and I washed
my face because it felt all nasty um but
yeah just cause like I don't know
sometimes it bothers people when you're
not all made up for a video so I'm sorry
that bothers you I just want to get this
video up for you guys and okay so to
start a couple months ago I posted a
video and I was like oh hey guys so I
got some stuff from a halt look sale and
it was on urban decay so some of the
things I got where this brought was this
brush for nine dollars the Big Buddha
brush over Joey like 30 its massive and
i love it and i got this which is really
cool too and it was a great deal because
it's Urban Decay primer potion XL which
usually goes for like twenty-four
dollars i got it for fifteen dollars
with like four other things in it set so
yeah this stuff's really awesome oh wait
don't go look at the down bar for the
link of where you can buy this stuff
because some sales over yeah that's not
what I said in the video but basically
that's how it could be taken because I
didn't tell you guys about the sale head
time and on this sale barely ever comes
around and it is around again tomorrow
so tomorrow on holocomm Urban Decay
sorry I'm sitting in bed too Irving
Takei will be having a sale now some
things will probably be like six dollars
and then some some things will probably
be like fifteen dollars but usually not
much more than that I'm really really
excited to see what's on sale and I hope
some things are still left at or decent
when I get home from school so I can
order but yeah that's about it um before
I um before I before I do what I do I'm
sorry guys I'm really stressed out I
need to get some starting done and I've
recorded this so many times but there is
so in the downbar will be that whole
video link because in that whole video I
talked about the whole invite thing and
also will be the invite because the
invite basically let me just try to
explain it real quick if you guys don't
end up going and watching
video you guys who aren't a part of hot
look you'll go in the downbar look at
the invite like click it and sign up I'm
saying like if you want to and then you
sign up and once you make a purchase
after you signed up under my invite Lake
link I get ten dollars you guys don't
pay for that at all if you're confused
about how I even get that just look at
the video but i'll be using that money
guy you guys contest prizes so if you
guys make an order before me hopefully
I'll be able to order some stuff for a
contest because you guys deserve one
considering I'm of us at fifteen hundred
subscribers I'm sorry I just screamed
that's just insane to me thank you all
so much um so yeah if you want to learn
more about that watch a video but if you
don't really care and you just want to
sign up for the deals link is in the
down bar so go sign up and the sale is
tomorrow tomorrow only so make sure you
do it it probably starts out like 10 or
11 i think it is so yeah I look crazy in
this video and I probably should have
posted but I really really want you so
so so so um yeah okay Oh guys though um
yeah that's about it i love you guys so
much i'm sorry that I minutes like ratty
cheat love you guys so much go sign up
for the sales oh I but I bed